Add message extras docs (#22)
gotify/website: docs/pushmsg.md

Now you can simply use [curl](https://curl.haxx.se/), [HTTPie](https://httpie.org/) or any other http-client to push messages.

```bash
$ curl -X POST "https://push.example.de/message?token=<apptoken>" -F "title=my title" -F "message=my message" -F "priority=5"
$ http -f POST "https://push.example.de/message?token=<apptoken>" title="my title" message="my message" priority="5"
```

> > The message api takes an `extras`-property that makes it possible to f.ex. change how clients behave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The message API takes an `extras` property that carries extra information with the message and describes how clients behave to this message.
```
